**General Services Administration**

Federal Acquisition Service  
Technology Transformation Services

1800 F St NW | Washington, DC | 20405

GSA TTS-wide AWS Infrastructure-as-a-Service

Request for Quotation

Solicitation Number

**From:** Michelle McNellis, michelle.mcnellis@gsa.gov / Kirsten Green,
Contracting Officers, General Services Administration (GSA), Technology
Transformation Services (TTS)  
**Subject:** Request for Quotation (RFQ)

**Date:** April 13, 2018  
**Reply By:** April 19, 2018 Noon EST

**Set Aside:** 100% Small Business

**Contract Vehicle:** GSA Schedule 70 Special Item Number (SIN) 132 40
Cloud

[<span class="underline">1.0 Instructions</span>](#10-instructions)

[<span class="underline">2.0 Background</span>](#20-background)

[<span class="underline">3.0 Requirement</span>](#30-requirement)

[<span class="underline">4.0 Statement of
Need</span>](#40-statement-of-need)

[<span class="underline">5.0 Evaluation and Basis of
Award</span>](#50-evaluation-and-basis-of-award)

[<span class="underline">6.0 Period of
Performance</span>](#60-period-of-performance)

[<span class="underline">7.0 Type of Contract</span>](#70-type-of-contract)

[<span class="underline">8.0 Invoicing</span>](#80-invoicing)

[<span class="underline">9.0 Administration</span>](#90-administration)

[<span class="underline">10.0 Post Award and Kickoff
Meeting</span>](#100-post-award-and-kickoff-meeting)

[<span class="underline">11.0 TTS Transparency
Policy</span>](#110-tts-transparency-policy)

[<span class="underline">12.0 Clauses</span>](#120-clauses)

# 1.0 Instructions

GSA TTS hereby issues this RFQ, under Federal Acquisition Regulation
(FAR) 8.405-1 for GSA TTS-wide Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS).

## 1.1 Quote Instructions

This is a RFQ, under FAR 8.405-1(e) ordering procedures for supplies and
services not requiring a statement of work and FAR 8.405-6(b)(1)
Limiting Sources, Items peculiar to one manufacturer.

The vendor shall submit a quotation in accordance with the instructions
and terms and conditions of this RFQ and the terms and conditions of its
GSA Schedule contract.

Unless expressly authorized by the RFQ, any vendor planning to take
exception to a term or condition of the RFQ should consult with the
Contracting Officer (CO) in writing before submitting a quotation.

**Technical Submittal:**

Vendors shall submit their AWS Authorized Government Reseller letter
(this letter shall confirm the Vendor is an AWS Partner Network (APN)
Advanced Consulting Partner and an Authorized Government Reseller) to
demonstrate they are an authorized Government reseller and that they
offer all AWS IaaS suites in all 3 FedRAMP approved AWS regions,
including AWS East/West, AWS GovCloud, AWS GovCloud High for the base
and option period. GSA TTS will verify all submitted information on the
AWS Channel Reseller Program website. All documentation shall be
submitted through the [<span class="underline">GSA TTS-wide AWS IaaS RFQ
Response
Form</span>](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ZXURPLwSAmyKvhbz1qEjun4eamMvzUYHLSWJnpx2OIc/edit).

**Price Submittal:**

The vendor shall propose a billing discount at or below their Schedule
Contract discount amount for the base and option period. The Schedule
Contract discount is the percentage billing discount off of the
commercial price across the entire suite of Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) suite, negotiated for the Schedule 70
contract. The proposed billing discount is the proposed additional
percentage billing discount relative to the commercial price across the
entire suite of AWS IaaS suite, in addition to the schedule billing
discount above. The sum total of the proposed percentage billing
discount and the schedule contract discount represents the overall
billing discount the Government. Price quotations shall be submitted
through the [<span class="underline">Pricing Template - GSA TTS GSA
TTS-wide IaaS
RFQ</span>](RFQ_IaaS_Pricing%20Template.xlsx).

## 1.2 Questions

All questions submitted concerning the RFQ must be submitted through an
issue using the Issue Template in the associated
[**<span class="underline">GitHub
repository</span>**](https://github.com/18F/acq-IaaS-2018), as soon as
possible, but no later than Noon EST on **Tuesday April 17, 2018**.
Questions submitted in in other manner will not be accepted. The
government will provide answers via those open issues no later than Noon
EST on **Wednesday April 18, 2018** via GitHub and GSA e-Buy after the
Q\&A period closes.

## 1.3 Quote Submittal

Quotes will only be accepted via the referenced Google Response
documents: [<span class="underline">GSA TTS-wide AWS IaaS RFQ Response
Form</span>](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ZXURPLwSAmyKvhbz1qEjun4eamMvzUYHLSWJnpx2OIc/edit).
The vendor shall complete the Technical Response google response
document and Price google response document in accordance with Section
1.1. Quotes are due as soon as possible, but no later than Noon ET on
**Thursday April 19, 2018**.

Technical and Prices MUST be submitted as stated in the RFQ. No other
forms of submission will be confirmed or accepted.

# 2.0 Background

Currently, GSA TTS programs and client agencies of TTS operates on and
requires the use of Amazon Web Services (AWS) Infrastructure as a
Services (IaaS), due to its use as the infrastructure behind login.gov,
cloud.gov, and Federalist. Client agencies in other parts of the
Government that are using AWS IaaS as a result of such an arrangement
include, but are not limited to, the Federal Election Commission, USDA
Forest Service, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Office of
Personnel Management, and GSA FAS.

GSA TTS use a number of different resources obtained through the AWS
IaaS, many of which are required by the project’s underlying ATO and the
project’s System Security Plan (SSP) upon which that ATO is approved.

# 3.0 Requirement

GSA TTS requires AWS IaaS solution to provide the government with
on-demand access to the full AWS suite, as well as any future offerings
made available during the period of performance (POP).

# 4.0 Statement of Need

GSA TTS seeks a commercial service provider offering a commodity IaaS
solution. The IaaS should provide on-demand access to a shared pool of
configurable computing resources including, but not limited to, servers,
storage, network infrastructure, identity management, and various other
web services to support internal GSA TTS hosting needs and
non-production systems such as developer sandboxes, experiments,
prototypes, and pilots. GSA TTS must be able to directly and immediately
provision or release computing resources.

GSA TTS requires a comprehensive, evolving cloud computing platform, to
offer services that support internal and external clients, by providing
a master payer account, with each individual service provided within the
full suite. This master payer account must contain only GSA TTS accounts
and GSA TTS requires direct control over the root accounts. In addition,
the IaaS solution must allow for ad-hoc creation and disposal of
accounts under the master payer account. To that end, GSA TTS also
requires the IaaS solution to provide the ability to support other
governmental agencies who have signed memorandums of understanding
and/or inter-agency agreements with GSA TTS.

GSA TTS does not require assistance managing the information systems
within the accounts. GSA TTS also requires consolidated monthly billing,
detailed billing and usage data, and access to the raw IaaS billing
source data.

In order to maintain continuity of operations, GSA TTS requires that the
IaaS solution be immediately compatible with the applications that GSA
TTS currently operates. IaaS that is not immediately compatible will
change the applications running on top of the infrastructure,
configuration of the underlying infrastructure, and testing in order to
ensure proper function, all of which would disrupt continuity of
operations.

# 5.0 Evaluation and Basis of Award

This is a RFQ, under FAR 8.405-1(e) ordering procedures for supplies and
services not requiring a statement of work and FAR 8.405-6(b)(1)
Limiting Sources, Items peculiar to one manufacturer.

This procurement is being evaluated in accordance with FAR Subpart
8.405-1(d)(4). Best value is considered the Lowest Price Technically
Acceptable (LPTA) quote.

**Technical Evaluation Criteria**

First, the quote will be reviewed for technical acceptability. Technical
acceptability is defined as the vendor demonstrating that they are a AWS
Partner Network (APN)

Advanced Consulting Partner and an Authorized Government Reseller and
offering all AWS IaaS suite in all 3 FedRAMP approved AWS regions,
including AWS East/West, AWS GovCloud, AWS GovCloud High.

Vendors shall be evaluated on their submitted letter demonstrating they
are an AWS Partner Network (APN) Advanced Consulting Partner and an
Authorized Government Reseller and that they offer all AWS IaaS suite in
all 3 FedRAMP approved AWS regions, including AWS East/West, AWS
GovCloud, AWS GovCloud High. GSA TTS will verify all submitted
information on the AWS Channel Reseller Program website for the base
year and option year.

**Price Evaluation Criteria**

Pricing will be evaluated by reviewing the proposed discounted overall
NTE amount for the base year and option year. The vendor’s proposed
billing discount will be confirmed by calculating the quotient of the
proposed discounted overall NTE amount divided by the Government’s given
NTE amount.

**Basis of Award**

In the event the lowest quoted prices become equal, the Government will
negotiate with those vendors multiple rounds until a lowest priced
quotation is reached.

Selection and award will be made to the lowest-price, technically
acceptable quote and posted using the GSA e-Buy award notice feature.

# 6.0 Period of Performance

The Period of Performance (“POP”) is one base period of 12 months and
one option period of 12 months.

# 7.0 Type of Contract

Time & Material (T\&M)

**CEILING PRICE**

The ceiling prices are as follows:  
Base Year: $2,954,217.05

Option Year 1: $3,983,405.44

Base and Option Year: $6,937,622.49

In the event the $2,954,217.05 Base Year ceiling is not met, any
remaining unused ceiling will be rolled to Option Year 1. The overall
ceiling will not go above $6,937,622.49.

The Contractor shall not make expenditures, nor incur obligations, in
the performance of this contract, which exceeds the current available
funding amount specified herein, except at the Contractor’s own risk.

The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer (CO), in writing, 60
days prior to incurring 75% of the obligated funding, or whenever there
is reason to believe that costs may be either greater or substantially
less than previously estimated, or are not adequate to complete the
balance of work remaining in the contract. If remaining funds are
inadequate, include:

1.  > A fully supported price proposal disclosing the amount of funds
    > remaining

2.  > The amount of additional funding required to continue timely
    > performance

3.  > When the funds will be required

**INCREMENTAL FUNDING**

The obligated funding under this task order at time of award for the
base period will be stated on the award documentation. Additionally,
funding may be added by the execution of modifications to the task
order, up to the ceiling amount for the applicable performance period.
The Contractor shall note that residual funding at the end of a
performance period may be deobligated through a bilateral modification;
inclusion of this funding in the following performance period is subject
to budget approval based on appropriations and fiscal constraints.

# 8.0 Invoicing

The contractor shall submit a proper invoice on a monthly basis.

## 8.1 Content of Invoice

The following information shall be provided on the invoice:

  - > Contract/Order Number - Provided at time of Award

  - > Period of Performance covered by the invoice

  - > CLIN 0001 - GSA TTS-wide AWS IaaS

  - > The Accounting Number Associated with the task order - Entered
    > After Award

  - > The awarded billing discount shall be applied to all accounts on
    > each invoice and a part of the executed TO.

All of this information must be included on each invoice in addition to
the requirements for a proper invoice specified in FAR 52.212-4 (g) and
the Prompt Payment clause, FAR 52.212-4(i)(2).

The contractor will be expected to provide GSA TTS with a detailed
consolidated monthly billing statement. The detailed billing statement
will be provided for individual accounts and summarized at the master
account level.

The consolidated detailed monthly billing will include usage data and
billing discount (for each account), as well as access to the AWS
console for the raw billing data. The Contractor shall notify the
Contracting Officer (CO), in writing, 60 days prior to incurring 75% of
the obligated funding, or whenever there is reason to believe that costs
may be either greater or substantially less than previously estimated,
or are not adequate to complete the balance of work remaining in the
contract.

The contractor must submit a final invoice within 60 calendar days after
contract completion. No further charges are to be billed following the
final invoice submission. With the submission of a final invoice, a
completed and signed Release of Claims (GSA Form 1142) shall be provided
to the CO.

## 8.2 Invoice Submission

The contractor is required to submit invoices to GSA Vendor Customer
Self Service (VCSS) and the Contracting Officer Representative (COR).
Invoices shall be submitted to the designated COR via email. Invoices
shall be submitted to VCSS by registering at
[<span class="underline">https://vcss.ocfo.gsa.gov/</span>](https://vcss.ocfo.gsa.gov/).
All invoicing questions can be directed to customer support at
866-450-6588 or the VCSS customer service site
[<span class="underline">https://vcss.ocfo.gsa.gov/</span>](https://vcss.ocfo.gsa.gov/).
GSA TTS is unable to address any questions related to the invoicing
system.

# 9.0 Administration

This acquisition will be administered by the following individuals, who
will also monitor contractor performance:

1.  > GSA Technical Point of Contact: To be provided at time of award.

2.  > GSA TTS Contracting Officer: Kirsten Green

3.  > GSA TTS Contracting Officer Representative: To be provided at time
    > of award.

# 10.0 Post Award and Kickoff Meeting

## 10.1 Post Award Orientation Conference

The government's team, CO/COR, and the TTS Product Owner will hold a
kickoff meeting/post-award conference with the contractor within 5
calendar days of the acquisition award, unless otherwise agreed upon by
all parties in writing (email will be sufficient). This kickoff will
include the contractor’s team and other relevant government staff to
review and clarify the project’s objectives, expectations from the
government, and address any questions the contractor may have.

## 10.2 Option Year Requirement

If provided the notification of intent to exercise the option year, the
Contractor shall submit within 1 day after notification the AWS
Authorized Government Reseller letter confirming the Vendor is still a
AWS Partner Network (APN) Advanced Consulting Partner and an Authorized
Government Reseller) to demonstrate they are an authorized Government
reseller and that they offer all AWS IaaS suites in all 3 FedRAMP
approved AWS regions, including AWS East/West, AWS GovCloud, AWS
GovCloud High.

## 10.3 Travel

No travel is anticipated or will be required as part of this task order.

## 10.4 Transition Activities

The vendor will be provided a two-week transition period (after the
kick-off meeting). During the transition the awardee will be required to
perform all necessary transition activities. Expected transition
activities will include, but not be limited to:

  - > Continuation of full services to TTS and customers.

# 11.0 TTS Transparency Policy

Vendors are advised that TTS reserves the right to publish documents
associated with this requirement on a publicly-available website,
including any Requests for Quotation or their amendments, as well as
question and answer exchanges with vendors without source-identifying
information removed). TTS reserves the right to publish any other
relevant information that is not confidential or proprietary in nature,
but will not publish any source selection sensitive information that
would otherwise implicate procurement integrity concerns.

Upon award of the acquisition, TTS may publish the total price of the
selected proposal and certain non-source-identifying data (e.g. the
number of bids, the mean price, the median, and the standard deviation
of price). During the performance of this task order, TTS may similarly
publish data related to project management (e.g. user stories,
milestones, and performance metrics) and top-line spending data.

# 12.0 Clauses

**FAR 52.252-1 - Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb
1998)**

This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by
reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full
text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text
available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may
include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with
its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those
provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph
identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or
offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed
electronically at this/these address(es):
([<span class="underline">https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar))

**FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)**

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the
same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request,
the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the
full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these
address(es):
([<span class="underline">https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar</span>](https://www.acquisition.gov/browsefar))

**FAR 52.203-18 - Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require
Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation
(Jan 2017)**

**FAR 52.203-19 - Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal
Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017)**

**FAR 52.204-21 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information
Systems**

**FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial items (JAN
2017)**

**GSAR 552.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Items **

**(FAR Deviation Feb 2018)**

**GSAR 552.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations. (FAR
Deviation Feb 2018)**

**FAR 52.217-8 - Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999)**

The Government may require continued performance of any services within
the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may
be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates
provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be
exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance
hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may
exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor before the
contract expires.

**FAR 52.217-9 - Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000)**

(a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written
notice to the Contractor within 5 days provided that the Government
gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent before
the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the
Government to an extension.

(b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall
be considered to include this option clause.

(c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any
options under this clause, shall not exceed 2 years.

**GSAM 552.217-71 - Notice Regarding Option(s) (Nov 1992)**

The General Services Administration (GSA) has included an option to
extend the term of this contract in order to demonstrate the value it
places on quality performance by providing a mechanism for continuing a
contractual relationship with a successful Offeror that performs at a
level which meets or exceeds GSA’s quality performance expectations as
communicated to the Contractor, in writing, by the Contracting Officer
or designated representative. When deciding whether to exercise the
option, the Contracting Officer will consider the quality of the
Contractor’s past performance under this contract in accordance with 48
CFR 517.207.

**FAR 52.232-22 Limitation of Funds (Apr 1984)**  
(a) The parties estimate that performance of this contract will not cost
the Government more than (1) the estimated cost specified in the
Schedule or, (2) if this is a cost-sharing contract, the Government’s
share of the estimated cost specified in the Schedule. The Contractor
agrees to use its best efforts to perform the work specified in the
Schedule and all obligations under this contract within the estimated
cost, which, if this is a cost-sharing contract, includes both the
Government’s and the Contractor’s share of the cost.  
  
(b) The Schedule specifies the amount presently available for payment by
the Government and allotted to this contract, the items covered, the
Government’s share of the cost if this is a cost-sharing contract, and
the period of performance it is estimated the allotted amount will
cover. The parties contemplate that the Government will allot additional
funds incrementally to the contract up to the full estimated cost to the
Government specified in the Schedule, exclusive of any fee. The
Contractor agrees to perform, or have performed, work on the contract up
to the point at which the total amount paid and payable by the
Government under the contract approximates but does not exceed the total
amount actually allotted by the Government to the contract.  
  
(c) The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing
whenever it has reason to believe that the costs it expects to incur
under this contract in the next 60 days, when added to all costs
previously incurred, will exceed 75 percent of (1) the total amount so
far allotted to the contract by the Government or, (2) if this is a
cost-sharing contract, the amount then allotted to the contract by the
Government plus the Contractor’s corresponding share. The notice shall
state the estimated amount of additional funds required to continue
performance for the period specified in the Schedule.  
  
(d) Sixty days before the end of the period specified in the Schedule,
the Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing of the
estimated amount of additional funds, if any, required to continue
timely performance under the contract or for any further period
specified in the Schedule or otherwise agreed upon, and when the funds
will be required.  
  
(e) If, after notification, additional funds are not allotted by the end
of the period specified in the Schedule or another agreed-upon date,
upon the Contractor’s written request the Contracting Officer will
terminate this contract on that date in accordance with the provisions
of the Termination clause of this contract. If the Contractor estimates
that the funds available will allow it to continue to discharge its
obligations beyond that date, it may specify a later date in its
request, and the Contracting Officer may terminate this contract on that
later date.  
  
(f) Except as required by other provisions of this contract,
specifically citing and stated to be an exception to this clause—  
  
(1) The Government is not obligated to reimburse the Contractor for
costs incurred in excess of the total amount allotted by the Government
to this contract; and  
  
(2) The Contractor is not obligated to continue performance under this
contract (including actions under the Termination clause of this
contract) or otherwise incur costs in excess of—  
  
(i) The amount then allotted to the contract by the Government or;  
  
(ii) If this is a cost-sharing contract, the amount then allotted by the
Government to the contract plus the Contractor’s corresponding share,
until the Contracting Officer notifies the Contractor in writing that
the amount allotted by the Government has been increased and specifies
an increased amount, which shall then constitute the total amount
allotted by the Government to this contract.  
  
(g) The estimated cost shall be increased to the extent that (1) the
amount allotted by the Government or, (2) if this is a cost-sharing
contract, the amount then allotted by the Government to the contract
plus the Contractor’s corresponding share, exceeds the estimated cost
specified in the Schedule. If this is a cost-sharing contract, the
increase shall be allocated in accordance with the formula specified in
the Schedule.  
  
(h) No notice, communication, or representation in any form other than
that specified in paragraph (f)(2) of this clause, or from any person
other than the Contracting Officer, shall affect the amount allotted by
the Government to this contract. In the absence of the specified notice,
the Government is not obligated to reimburse the Contractor for any
costs in excess of the total amount allotted by the Government to this
contract, whether incurred during the course of the contract or as a
result of termination.  
  
(i) When and to the extent that the amount allotted by the Government to
the contract is increased, any costs the Contractor incurs before the
increase that are in excess of—  
  
(1) The amount previously allotted by the Government or;  
  
(2) If this is a cost-sharing contract, the amount previously allotted
by the Government to the contract plus the Contractor’s corresponding
share, shall be allowable to the same extent as if incurred afterward,
unless the Contracting Officer issues a termination or other notice and
directs that the increase is solely to cover termination or other
specified expenses.  
  
(j) Change orders shall not be considered an authorization to exceed the
amount allotted by the Government specified in the Schedule, unless they
contain a statement increasing the amount allotted.  
  
(k) Nothing in this clause shall affect the right of the Government to
terminate this contract. If this contract is terminated, the Government
and the Contractor shall negotiate an equitable distribution of all
property produced or purchased under the contract, based upon the share
of costs incurred by each.  
  
(l) If the Government does not allot sufficient funds to allow
completion of the work, the Contractor is entitled to a percentage of
the fee specified in the Schedule equalling the percentage of completion
of the work contemplated by this contract.
